and now it's time for some more
amazing animals
number 68 the amazing red belly piranha
this is the red-bellied piranha found in
the amazon and other rivers in south
america it's got a bit of a reputation
for me no i'm nice hmm well they have
been described as the most ferocious
freshwater fish in the world oh that's
nonsense
you see the red belly piranha has a
voracious appetite for fresh meat they
take chunks out of their prey with their
razor sharp teeth and don't even swallow
excuse him oh derek even though they are
small pound for pound some piranhas can
actually bite harder than a great white
shark usually feeding in large groups or
schools they locate their prey by scent
or motion
scientists believe the red-bellied
piranha can actually talk to each other
sadly they don't seem to have sounds
that say don't eat that or i'm tired
let's get take out yes they're scary but
the red-bellied piranha is still one
amazing animal